The original versions of git_fast_filter were written by me (Elijah Newren,
newren@gmail.com), in my free-time.  A problem with the Sierra Mechanics
repository conversions at Sandia (where I work) which were being done by
the infrastructure team arose on February 6 (2009), and after they informed
me of their problem it became clear to me that git_fast_filter could help
solve the problem.  Thus, I continued working in my free time as well as
paid time to extend git_fast_filter and write its first use case.  Later,
some weeks of free time that I had spent on git_fast_filter starting on
February 7 were retroactively funded by Sandia, and they continued to fund
work until March.  Most of this funding was for internal scripts that made
use of git_fast_filter, but included some improvements to git_fast_filter
itself, as well as time spent finding the revs.topo_order=1 bug fix for
git-fast-export.)

It later became clear that git_fast_filter could solve another problem for
Sierra Mechanics at Sandia: providing filtered/cleansed "clones" of our
repositories that can be exported to others, and allowing for grafting
commits between filtered clones and the original repository.  This
capability became collab.py, which again was initially investigated and
developed by me in my free time, but which was funded by Sandia for 2 days
of development in mid-March to accelerate its availability.  Since then all
my effort on collab.py has been done in my free-time, though another Sandia
developer, Jim Foucar, has been assigned to document, test, and deploy
collab.py for Sandia's use.
